docs: Add example for custom initialization options #307 (#310)
ballerina-platform/lsp4intellij: README.md

    ProcessBuilder process = new ProcessBuilder("java","-jar","path/to/language-server.jar");
    new ProcessBuilderServerDefinition("bsl,os", process);
    ```

- **Custom Initialization Options**

    If your LSP server needs some custom initialization options when connecting, 
    you can define a class that extends `ProcessBuilderServerDefinition` or `RawCommandServerDefinition`, 
    and then override the `getInitializationOptions` method. 
    Here's an example:

    ```java
    public class MyServerDefinition extends ProcessBuilderServerDefinition {
        
        /**
         * Creates a new instance.
         *
         * @param ext     The extension.
         * @param process The process builder instance to be started.
         */
        public MyServerDefinition(String ext, ProcessBuilder process) {
            super(ext, process);
        }
        
        /**
         * Returns the custom initialization options for the given URI.
         *
         * @param uri The URI.
         * @return The initialization options.
         */
        @Override
        public Object getInitializationOptions(URI uri) {

>             // Return your custom initialization options here.

Reviewer: I think this should provide an actual example. For example: how would someone set the `InitializeParams#clientInfo` field's value?

    ProcessBuilder process = new ProcessBuilder("java","-jar","path/to/language-server.jar");
    new ProcessBuilderServerDefinition("bsl,os", process);
    ```

- **Custom Initialization Options Or Initialization Params**

> 
>     If your LSP server needs some custom initialization options when connecting, 
>     you can define a class that extends `ProcessBuilderServerDefinition` or `RawCommandServerDefinition`. 
>    
>     And then override the `getInitializationOptions` method (deprecated in v0.95.2, you can use this in v0.95.1 and before).
>     
>     Or override the  `customizeInitializeParams` method (added in v0.95.2+).
>     Here's an example:
> 
>   ```java
>   public class MyServerDefinition extends ProcessBuilderServerDefinition {
>     
>       /**
>        * Creates a new instance.
>        *
>        * @param ext     The extension.
>        * @param process The process builder instance to be started.
>        */
>       public MyServerDefinition(String ext, ProcessBuilder process) {
>           super(ext, process);
>       }
>     
>       /**
>        * Returns the custom initialization options for the given URI.
>        * deprecated in v0.95.2,you can use this in v0.95.1 and before
>        * @deprecated use {@link #customizeInitializeParams(InitializeParams)} instead
>        * @param uri The URI.
>        * @return The initialization options.
>        */
>       @Override
>       public Object getInitializationOptions(URI uri) {
>           // Return your custom initialization options here.
>       }
>     
>      /**
>       * Added in v0.95.2+
>       * Use this method to modify the {@link InitializeParams} that was initialized by this library. The values
>       * assigned to the passed {@link InitializeParams} after this method ends will be the ones sent to the LSP server.
>       *
>       * @param params the parameters with some prefilled values.
>       */
>       public void customizeInitializeParams(InitializeParams params) {
>           // You can modify the parameters directly; there's no need to return anything.
>           // For example, if you want to customize the initialization options, modify 'initializationOptions' property.
>           //（you need to implement your own "createYourCustomInitializationOptions" function to offer the specific parameters and values that your server requires.）
>           params.initializationOptions = createYourCustomInitializationOptions();
>           // If you want to customize the Capabilities, modify 'clientCapabilities' property.
>           params.clientCapabilities = createYourCustomClientCapabilities();
>           // ... To clarify, you can modify other properties as well. Please refer to the definition of `InitializeParams` for more details on what you can custom.
>       }
>   }
>   ```
> 
>   To use your custom server definition class,
>   you can create a new instance of it and pass it to the `addServerDefinition` method of a `IntellijLanguageClient`. For example:
> 
>   ```java
>   ProcessBuilder process = new ProcessBuilder("path/to/launcher-script.sh");
>   IntellijLanguageClient.addServerDefinition(new MyServerDefinition("xxx", processBuilder));
>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Custom Initialization Params**

If your LSP server needs some custom initialization options when connecting, you can define a class that extends `ProcessBuilderServerDefinition` or `RawCommandServerDefinition`, and then override the `customizeInitializeParams` method to modify any property of the `InitializeParams`.

Here's an example:

```java
public class MyServerDefinition extends ProcessBuilderServerDefinition {
    public MyServerDefinition(String ext, ProcessBuilder process) {
        super(ext, process);
    }

    @Override
    public void customizeInitializeParams(InitializeParams params) {
        params.clientInfo = new ClientInfo("MyName", "MyVersion");
    }
}
```

Finally, assign your class as a ServerDefinition:

```java
ProcessBuilder process = new ProcessBuilder("path/to/launcher-script.sh");
IntellijLanguageClient.addServerDefinition(new MyServerDefinition("xxx", processBuilder));
```

You can refer to #311 for more details.
```
